# Declarative Lookup Rollup Summaries (DLRS) Sprint Repo
See main DLRS Development repo here (https://github.com/SFDO-Community/declarative-lookup-rollup-summaries)

# Project Overview
## Vision & Goals
The DLRS Documentation and UX Working Groups want to make DLRS easier for admins to install and configure, and to enable users with a wide range of skill level to write rollups successfully. To this end, at the Sprint, we will be working on two projects:
* 1 - Compiling a **Cookbook of DLRS Recipes**, especially with examples for nonprofit users.
* 2 - Collect feedback via a **UX Survey** from users about their experience with configuring the tool, and suggestions for improvements.

## Project Vertical
Nonprofit, Education, and Other (DRLS is available to users in multiple Salesforce Clouds)

## Trailblazer Group Link
https://trailhead.salesforce.com/trailblazer-community/groups/0F9300000009O5pCAE?tab=discussion

# Current Project Team & Accomplishments

Full Name            | Team Role     | Github Username                                    | Working Group? 
------------         | ------------- | -------------                                      |-------------   
Caroline Renard   | Group Leader  | [cpra12](https://github.com/cpra12)                | Cookbook
Melanie Tolomeo   | Group Leader  | [melanietolomeo](https://github.com/melanietolomeo)                                                     | UX/UI Survey
Cheryl Curry | Group Member | - | Cookbook
Jared Henning | Group Member & Recipe Collector | [Jared-Oliver-Salesforce](https://github.com/Jared-Oliver-Salesforce) | Cookbook
Mike Kikta | Group Member | [mkikta-traction](https://github.com/mkikta-traction) | Cookbook
Michael Kolodner | Group Member | [mkolodner](https://github.com/mkolodner) | Cookbook
Jodi Nemser-Abrahams | Group Member & Scribe | [JodiNA](https://github.com/JodiNA) | UX/UI Survey
Kathy Olney | Group Member | [KathOlney](https://github.com/KathOlney) | Cookbook
Katy Porray | Group Member | [kporray](https://github.com/kporray) | UX/UI Survey
Rachel Sinex | Group Member & Form Editor | [rachel-pedallucid-com](https://github.com/rachel-pedallucid-com) | Cookbook
Amanda Styles | Group Member & Recipe Collector | [demanda](https://github.com/demanda) | Cookbook
Hua Ping Tan | Group Member | [huapingtan](https://github.com/huapingtan) | Cookbook
TJ Warfield | Group Member & Scribe | [tj-warfield](https://github.com/tj-warfield) | Cookbook

## Sprint (AMER: October 20 & 21, 2021)

### Project Working Documents
* To contribute to the **Cookbook, please complete this form by 11/4: https://forms.gle/p75Ydend94aLT7wL8**
* To contribute to the **UX/UI Survey, please complete this form by 10/31: https://forms.gle/EyrdJzaUVT4LuY589**
* *Please note that these forms are generally available, and you are invited to share them outside of the Sprint groups, with colleagues, customers and anyone else who would like to contribute.*
* **TEAM DOCS**
* Two-Day Schedule and notes from discussions: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kKHtam-JLrxzS4VCz3D97cW5OOmbMG3bopEMvYO2Gqs/edit?usp=sharing
* Recipe Responses (Google Sheet): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uYa-BbYGwjJIqjcnSvicXmy3KATCdzlLCFomIHi-f10/edit?resourcekey#gid=652819783
* Recipe Working Doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1htWO9IqnaWgZPN9-Knlyd1UoWnrGBLYRAcvo3XU7gVI/edit#

### Project Team Accomplishments
During the two days of the Sprint event, our group:
* Complied a list of everyone's go-to resources for installation and configuration.
* Reviewed the current "Manage Lookup Rollup Summaries" page, and made a list of suggestions and questions.
* Took the notes from the UX discussion (*thanks Jodi*), did some sorting and prioritization, and refined the survey.
* Created a template for writing recipes in Google Docs (for now).
* Reviewed and updated the recipe submission form (*thanks Rachel for editing*).
* Collected recipes (*thanks Jared for interviewing Sheri Gurock for her OBF rollups*).
* Planned a recipes working session on **November 4th - noon Pacific / 3PM Eastern** - ping Caroline for the Zoom link.

### Future Contributions 
* UX/UI Survey form will be open until 10/31. Team are working on converting the notes from the discussions into a set of tasks for the dev teams.
* Cookbook group are meeting again on 11/4, to review the submissions, and write up a first set of recipes for publication on the DLRS Wiki.

_________________________________________________

